NARRATOR: The semi‐finals
of the Pokémon Showcase Master
Class are about to begin, and
Serena will be competing along
with Shauna and Jessilee. Who
will win this decisive round and
challenge Aria, the Kalos Queen?
ASH: Two more wins
and she's Kalos Queen!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: I wish this was over
because it feels like my heart
is going to burst!
BONNIE: You're not even
competing. Take a deep breath.
‐CLEMONT: Right.
‐JAMES: Jessie!
Meowth! Gourgeist! Courage!
JAMES: Remember
all that rigorous training
JAMES: Transform it into a WIN!
PIERRE: During the semi‐final
round, our three performers
will engage in a Freestyle
Performance using two Pokémon.
JESSIE: I just have
to do what I do. Simple!
GOURGEIST: [AGREEMENT]
SHAUNA: Serena! Let's get
out there and show our skills!
SERENA: Right!
PIERRE: Alors, we
now begin the semi‐final round!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
PIERRE: And we are off! Will we
see tears of happiness or tears
of sorrow, or both?
Only one performer moves on
First up? Jessilee!
JESSILEE: Use Leech Seed!
GOURGEIST: [LEECH SEED MOVE]
JESSILEE: And the
winner?! Whythat'sME!
GOURGEIST: [EXCITED]
JESSIELEE: Now use Seed Bomb.
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
JESSIE: Meowth, use Fury Swipes!
MEOWTH: Got it!
MEOWTH: [FURY SWIPES MOVE]
JESSILEE: And finished!
JAMES: WOW! Perfect!
PIERRE: Next up we have The
lovely Shauna! Get ready for a
dazzling performance!
SHAUNA: Now,
Ivysaur, use Vine Whip!
SHAUNA:
And Flabébé, use Fairy Wind!
FLABEBE : [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
SHAUNA: Now use Vine Whip!
IVYSAUR: [VINE WHIP MOVE]
SHAUNA: Use Solar Beam!
IVYSAUR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SHAUNA: Use Moonblast!
FLABEBE: [MOONBLAST MOVE]
IVYSAUR: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
SHAUNA: We're finished!
ASH: Nice job, Shauna!
BONNIE, DEDENNE :
Shauna's so cool!
CLEMONT: One tiny little mistake
can really end up costing you a
lot in a round like this.
PIERRE: And last but not least
our last performance before the
finalist is chosen!
PIERRE: All right let's see
her in action! Welcome Serena!
ASH: Go, Serena!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
BONNIE: YEAH!
BUNNELBY, CHESPIN : [CHEERING]
CLEMONT:
If I can just stay calm
SERENA:
Now, Sylveon! Swift, let's go!
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
SERENA: Pancham, use Stone Edge!
PANCHAM:
[DETERMINED] [STONE EDGE MOVE]
SYLVEON:
[TRIUMPHANT] [DETERMINED]
SYLVEON: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
SYLVEON, PANCHAM :
[WORRIED SHOCK]
SYLVEON: [DETERMINED]
SERENA: We're all done!
SERENA:
Thanks for that, Sylveon!
SYLVEON: [RELIEVED]
ASH: Serena was great!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
BONNIE: She'll win! She'll win!
CLEMONT: Brilliant.
And all at the crucial time!
CHESPIN: [HAPPY TEARS]
BUNNELBY: [AGREEMENT]
PIERRE: And now,
time to cast your votes for the
semi‐final round!
PIERRE: Do that by using your
Glow Casters. For our television
viewers, please press the
button that corresponds to your
favorite performer!
PIERRE: Ready? Cast your votes!
ASH, CLEMONT, BONNIE, PIKACHU :
Yeah!
JAMES: We're off!
PIERRE: Out of our final three,
a single performer is now being
chosen who will
challenge Aria, the Kalos Queen!
PIERRE: Serena! You've done it!
SERENA: We won
We won we did it!
PANCHAM, SYLVEON : [JOYFUL]
SERENA: You were great!
Thanks, you two!
ASH: You did it, Serena!
BONNIE:
YEAH! I'm so happy for you!!
CLEMONT:
I feel like I'm in a dream!
GRACE: She was great.
I knew that she could do it!
GRACE: Hey!
That girl is my daughter and
I'm so proud of her!
MEOWTH: Oy vey!
GOURGEIST: [SCARED]
JESSILEE: Oh well. I made
it this far. Now Kalos knows
what a beauty I am!
Not too shabby
SHAUNA: Congratulations, Serena!
SHAUNA: Will you hold onto
my dream? If you don't mind
SERENA: Shauna
SHAUNA: I'd be lying
if I said I'm not upset, but
SHAUNA: Do your very best for
all of our sakes Because you
were the best of all of us!
WOMAN: Please wait here.
We'll call you when it's time.
SERENA: Right.
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM, SYLVEON :
[WORRIED]
SERENA: It's all right.
There's no need to worry at all.
SERENA: Yes? Come in!
PALERMO: Show me. Come on.
PALERMO: Your wrist.
SERENA: But how did you know?
PALERMO: By how you were moving.
PALERMO: I see you can barely
make a fist. You'll need to
forfeit the finals. You can't
put on a proper performance
like this.
Much less defeat Aria.
SERENA: Forfeit?
But this is our big dream.
SERENA: I had no real
ambitions, but I finally have
one with my Pokémon.
SERENA: We've made it this far.
I don't want
to stop 'til it's over!
ARIA: I don't
want to stop 'til it's over!
PALERMO: Seriously.
You two are so much alike
PALERMO: Just one performance.
I can make it hold until then.
PALERMO: But have a doctor look
at it afterward. Promise that
you'll do that, alright?
SERENA: Yes!
PIERRE: And now we come to the
moment where the hallowed title
of Kalos Queen is up for grabs
and on the line! The performers
may use as many Pokémon as they
want. Let's wish them both well!
To great performan‐ ces!
PIERRE: The final round is
between Serena, the challenger
PIERRE: and
our reigning Kalos Queen, Aria!
ARIA: That lookThere's no need
to hold back against someone
who's that determined, for sure.
PIERRE: When all is said and
done, who will be Kalos Queen?
Let us begin with
challenger Serena's performance!
ASH: You can do it, Serena!
BONNIE: Win it, Serena.
You've just gotta beat Aria!
SHAUNA: Here goes
MIETTE: She knows she's
performing for all of us, too.
So she'd better win!
NINI: She can do it.
I just know.
SERENA: All ready?!
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM, SYLVEON :
[AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA:
Braixen, use Flamethrower!
SERENA: Pancham, use Dark Pulse!
PANCHAM: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PANCHAM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
SERENA: Sylveon! Use Swift!
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION] [EXCITED]
ASH: Go, Serena!
BONNIE, DEDENNE :
Pancham! Braixen! Sylveon! Go!
CLEMONT: You're doing great!
SYLVEON:
[EXCITED] [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
PANCHAM: [HAPPY]
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Here we go
PANCHAM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
BRAIXEN: [FIRE BLAST MOVE]
SERENA: Finished! Yeah!
SERENA: I did
everything I possibly could!
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE :
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Aromatisse!"
PIERRE: And now, defending
her title of Kalos Queen
please welcome Aria!
DELPHOX, AROMATISSE, VIVILLON :
[EXCITED]
ARIA: Of course, I have
no intention of losing either
ARIA: All
right, Delphox, Mystical Fire!
ARIA: Vivillon, use Psybeam!
DELPHOX: [MYSTICAL FIRE MOVE]
VIVILLON: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
ARIA: Aromatisse, use Reflect!
AROMATISSE: [REFLECT MOVE]
SERENA: She gives
such an awesome performance
SERENA: Her smile brings
everyone such strength and joy!
SERENA: Funny. I'm
always the one getting strength
from everybody else.
‐ARIA: And that's all!
‐ASH: Awesome!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: No surprise there!
PIERRE: So, these two
lovely and talented ladies have
finished their
exciting performances.
PIERRE: Grab your Glow Casters.
And get ready
to cast your votes.
PIERRE: Everybody ready to go?
PIERRE: Undeuxtrois!
GRACE: Go!
PIERRE: Will a new Kalos Queen
be crowned? Or will the reigning
queen hold onto
her current status?
The fateful
moment of decision is now!
PIERRE: The revered title
of Kalos Queen belongs to
PIERRE: Performer Aria!
The reigning Queen
has defended her crown!
BONNIE: Oh no. Aria won.
CLEMONT: Serena did the
best she could. She was great.
ASH: And she's still
got a dream to hold on to!
CLEMONT: Right!
PIERRE: And with her brilliant
performance, Aria is still Kalos
Queen! Klefki?
Her tiara, please!
KLEFKI: [EXCITED]
KLEFKI: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Aria sure is amazing.
BRAIXEN: [DISAPPOINTED]
SYLVEON: [ENCOURAGING]
PANCHAM:
[SURPRISED] [EMBARRASSED]
ARIA: Serena? Wow, that
was fun! Let's perform together
again sometime.
SERENA: Great! I'm going to keep
working hard. And pretty soon
I'll become Kalos Queen!
ARIA: Then bring it on!
PIERRE: And that concludes our
Master Class. Until the next
time! When we discover who
will be the next performer to
challenge our Kalos Queen Aria!
So, until we all gather around
this beautiful and exciting
stage once again, au revoir!
DOCTOR: There.
DOCTOR: You'll be fine.
Just take
it easy and don't overdo it.
‐SERENA: Right.
‐DOCTOR: Take care.
SERENA: Thanks, doctor.
PALERMO : How do you feel?
SERENA: I'm feeling fine now.
Thank you so
PALERMO: Don't ever
push yourself like that again.
PALERMO: Especially
if you want to beat Aria.
SERENA: Yes, you're right.
SERENA: You saidI couldn't beat
Aria. I remember it exactly.
SERENA: Something Aria has that
I don't I think I know now what
that is after watching
her performance just now.
SERENA: I have lots to learn.
My friends and
Pokémon are always the ones
who are there supporting me...
SERENA: Aria has a gift. She
makes people smile. And she once
gave me advice even
though she didn't know me.
She's a giving person
SERENA: I know I've been on the
receiving end until now. But I
want to become queen
so I can give back to
everybody else, too.
SERENA: I want to give people
strength, make them smile,
give good
advice‐‐even give tough love.
SERENA: That means I've
got to work so much harder!
So I can be a good queen!
PALERMO: Now that you realize
that, you'll become an even
better performer.
PALERMO: Would you
like to learn with me?
SERENA:
What are you talking about?
PALERMO:
I'll teach you everything.
About being a performer
PALERMO: You don't
have to answer right now.
Give it some
thought and let me know.
SMOOCHUM: [BIG KISSING]
PANCHAM: [UNHAPPY]
BONNIE: Wow,
Serena, you were so close!
SERENA: Yeah. All of you put
your faith in me, but I lost.
MIETTE:
What are you talking about?
MIETTE: For us, it's
a brand‐new start. You see?
NINI: I'm going to come up
with lots of new performance
routines. They're
gonna knock your socks off!
SHAUNA: All my
losing days are over.
SERENA: Yeah, mine, too!
MIETTE:
Andthere's you‐know‐who
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
SERENA: Miette!
MIETTE:
See you later! Take care, Ash!
SLURPUFF: [FAREWELL]
ASH: Yeah, you too, Miette!
NINI: See you on stage again.
Let's go, Smoochum.
PANCHAM: [SHOCKED] [TRAUMATIZED]
SHAUNA: Later. Take care!
IVYSAUR : [FAREWELL]
SERENA: Bye!
Hi to Tierno and Trevor for me!
BONNIE: Bye‐bye!
CLEMONT: Take care of yourself!
PIKACHU, BRAIXEN, SYLVEON,
BUNNELBY, DEDENNE : [FAREWELL]
JESSIE: So, James
MEOWTH: Oy vey
JESSIE: Know what I think?
Let's have a feast!
JAMES: You're not off the rails?
JESSIE: Of course not! I was
able to make it this far because
of you. It‐‐makes
me want to sing
MEOWTH: Whoa. Whaddaya know.
JAMES, MEOWTH, WOBBUFFET,
GOURGEIST, INKAY : OUR JESSIE!
JESSIE: What's wrong with you?!
JAMES: We'll
follow you forever, Jessie!
JESSIE: The feast
is on your wallet, James!
JAMES: With pleasure.
SERENA: I tried.
But I came up a bit short.
GRACE: What matters
is you did your very best.
GRACE: Now you simply
move towards your next goal.
GRACE: I've gotta scoot.
Rhyhorn's waiting for me.
SERENA: But Mom!
SERENA: It's nothing!
GRACE: Right. Bye!
BONNIE: Bye‐bye!
CLEMONT: Have a safe trip!
ASH: Take care!
ASH: What's wrong? Does it hurt?
SERENA: Oh, no.
I've been sitting here thinking
ASH: Yeah. I'll bet you
were thinking about your next
performance, weren't you?
SERENA: You could say that.
ASH: Of course! When I lose a
battle, I get so excited about
what I'm gonna do next time.
My next strategy!
Then I know I'm gonna win.
SERENA: It's great
you're always so positive, Ash.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: It all seems
to come so naturally for you.
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Seriously?
I don't always know what to do.
ASH: But then
ASH: If I really think about it,
I'd rather do stuff! 'Cause
even if I goof up,
I learn something.
ASH: There's nothing we could
ever do that's a waste of time!
SERENA: Oh Ash
ASH: Okay, time to hit the sack.
We've got an
early morning tomorrow!
SERENA: Yeah!
SERENA: Ms. Palermo!
PALERMO: My, you're up early.
I hope you're here to say yes.
SERENA: Thank you. Your
offer has made me really happy.
SERENA: I just can't go
with you right now. I'm sorry!
PALERMO: Dear. Why not?
I think it's a
great opportunity for you.
SERENA: I know I should accept
it without a second thought,
but I don't think it's right to
go with you and then leave Ash
and the others behind. It kind
of feels like it wouldn't be the
right thing to do.
PALERMO: They're your friends?
SERENA: In the beginning, my
journey was just me looking for
an excuse to get
out of my house
SERENA: But after
becoming a performer
SERENA: and
meeting my rivalsand Aria
SERENA: I wanted
to learn everything.
Everything
about being a performer!
BRAIXEN: [EXCITED]
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
SYLVEON: [EXCITED]
SERENA: I need to make it
through my journey first.
And then when I've
finally gotten to that point,
I'll be ready!
PALERMO: All right.
PALERMO: Keep on your
journey to your heart's content.
PALERMO: And once you're
all ready for the next step,
you just give me a call.
SERENA: All right,
Ash, you're up next.
ASH: Yeah, the Snowbelle Gym.
I'm gonna train hard and WIN!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: And you know that
we're here for you all the way!
BONNIE: You're
super‐excited, aren't you?
ASH: You bet!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Yeah, and
I'll keep moving forward, too!
NARRATOR: Although Serena put
on a spectacular performance in
the Master Class, she
fell short of defeating Aria.
But her future is looking
bright! Her road to becoming
Kalos Queen still lies ahead,
as the journey continues!